[Music]
Very good my dearest love from
the heart I hope you're enjoying your
Sunday afternoon but be
careful because if you're drinking your
coffee this video might upset your
digestion and I'm going to play you
an audio right now with the words it's good
with one of the many words that Belén Rodríguez had last
night unfortunate very unfortunate words
against Olga Moreno and
La Marea Azul I hope this pisses us off
too much but anyway we listen to it and
now we comment
in the future
that Olga should return the money to La
Marea Azul because she won the contest
for selling a story that is not the
truth or rather she literally said that
she won the contest for the story
that she sold let's see let's listen to it
and
and that's why she won the contest let's see if
Rodriguez is clear because look I'm
going to play you another audio now that you
yourself in your anger not in your frustration
because you know that nobody wants to see you the
role that she gives me she never gives you the reason
because she never has it she didn't know how to
assume and how to justify that Olga Moreno will
win survivor okay  who also
won survivor as you say with
four with four very
strong finalists, I mean it's not to say that the
contestants were weak, the four
strong finalists and Olga wins it okay
and you're furiously making the joke that she
was in mourning look what you said Belén
Rodríguez because
in the end she's sexist
and we know absolutely nothing
[Laughs]
7th [ __ ] no the [ __ ] you said they do
n't know rock then they're not a mess
no because in the end the mess made them
win no then they're a mess it won't be us
but anyway the thing is that you
yourself recognize that she won against one look
two what it says later against some
quite strong finalists
against four
incomes the years that she says she says but she has
won against this fact but she has won
against a very weak finalist no no but she has
won against four very strong finalists
but they were all super strong and she has
won hello let's
see your opinion will come to her hair and the
[ __ ] she throws at people is useless
for anything other than making enemies
and to make people fall less and less
but to  whoever you support doesn't win your
opinion is useless on the contrary whoever
you attack is the one who people make a
winner because your opinion is useless
just throwing poison for the sake of it and
throwing the ball is worth absolutely
nothing
Olga Moreno won in the first place because
as a survivor she did bestially so
did the
other finalists especially but besides the fact
that Olga deserved to win because she did
incredible also this was a stick
in the mouth for Telecinco by
the audience because they didn't swallow the
lies in the documentary this was a
way of saying to Telecinco take it here you
have it we
don't believe you okay then
sexist country we are not moving forward Andrés Copete
entered Vélez then is it a pond or
a sexist country where are we left Belén
Rock has won because it is a
sexist country or has won because with everything a
story that was a family and has
told the story that was not to be done is not
clear each time it is a different thing because
each time it is less sustained your story okay
and your moves and your cheap excuses what do you
think is familiar I will be reading the
box of  comments and I send you a huge hug
[Music]